---
title: "2.7.0"
releaseType: minor 
slug: "New Pachyderm SDK for Python"
fullReleaseNotes: "https://github.com/pachyderm/pachyderm/releases/tag/v2.7.0"
hidden: false
---

- **Feature**: The new Pachyderm SDK is now available. Check out the reference [documentation](/latest/sdk/python/), [install guide](/latest/sdk/install/), and [example starter project](/latest/sdk/starter-project/).
- **Feature**: Console now has a [runtime visualization](/latest/build-dags/pipeline-operations/view-runtimes) for jobs in your pipeline.
- **Feature**: The documentation site now has a chatbot to help you find what you're looking for. This feature is in beta, so please let us know if you have any feedback through our Slack community.
- **Feature**: {{%productName%}}'s helm chart now has a section for preflight checks, allowing you to easily validate whether the upgrade/migrations will be successful. This section can be found at `pachd.preflightchecks`. Simply set `enabled: true` and set the `image.tag` to the new version you want to upgrade to. If created the pod named `pachyderm-preflight-check` shows a status of `Completed`, you are ready to perform the upgrade. See the [Upgrade steps](/latest/manage/upgrades/#upgrade-1-run-a-preflight-check) for more information.
- **Enhancement**: Console's scalability has been improved to handle more concurrent users (50+) and power users who have many pipelines.
- **Enhancement**: Console's DAG visualization has been upgraded to include more information about the state of your pipelines.
- **Enhancement**: The Jupyterlab Pipeline Specification Extension now supports GPUs. 
- **Refactor**: The functionality of the [Branch Cron Trigger](/latest/build-dags/branch-operations/set-branch-triggers/) has been refactored to work more intuitively. Previously, cron triggers functioned more like rate limiters; now, they enable you to set up a scheduled reoccurring event on a repo branch that evaluates and fires the trigger. When a Cron Trigger fires, but no new data has been added, there are no new downstream commits or jobs. See our [Cron](/latest/learn/glossary/cron) glossary entry for more information on crons in {{%productName%}}
- **Deprecation**: The original Python SDK (`python-pachyderm`) will be deprecated in 9 months (May 2024). We recommend that you start trying out the new Pachyderm SDK (`pachyderm-sdk`) and begin planning your transition.
