---
# metadata # 
title:  2.3.x Release
description:
date: 2022-09-20
---

We are excited to announce the availability of {{%productName%}} version **2.3**. 

In this release, we have made it easier 
to deploy and configure {{%productName%}}, allowing enterprise and open-source users to get clusters running faster 
than before. We’re also excited to announce support for pipelines running on ARM64 instances, which can 
significantly reduce the cost of running {{%productName%}} workloads. Upgrading from any 2.x release to 2.3 should 
be seamless with no breaking changes. 

Please see our [changelog on GitHub](https://github.com/pachyderm/pachyderm/releases/tag/v2.3.1) for the detailed list of changes.

- **Streamlined network ingress**: {{%productName%}} now includes a built-in proxy that routes all network traffic through a single port.

- **Configuration via environment variables**: {{%productName%}} has moved to support all configuration options via environment variables. As part of this improvement, the

- Configuration Pod has been eliminated, simplifying maintenance and upgrades.

- **Bundled logging with Loki**: {{%productName%}} pipelines are much easier to debug if you’ve got a complete set of logs. {{%productName%}} is now bundled with Loki to simplify deployment and ensure logs are retained for debugging.

- **ARM64 support**: {{%productName%}} now supports ARM64 architecture for pipelines, in addition to x86.

{{% notice warning %}}
The built-in proxy for simplified network configuration is optional in 2.3, but will be **mandatory** in 2.4. 
{{% /notice %}}

## End of Life Notice for 1.13 and 2.0

{{%productName%}} will continue to support the current and last two minor releases. With the release of 2.3, we are 
ending support for versions 1.13 (which was previously extended) and 2.0. {{%productName%}} will not backport any 
fixes to releases before 2.1.

Additionally, {{%productName%}} will remove and archive End of Life images from Docker Hub. 

- Before archiving, a final notice will be sent to all technical contacts of enterprise accounts.

- {{%productName%}} Customer Engineering is available to assist with any issues encountered while upgrading to a supported version.

Do not hesitate to contact {{%productName%}} Support for any assistance or questions regarding the 2.3 release
or End of Life Announcement.